Add Informative documents about N (#115)
nbuilding/N-lang: docs/features/enums.md

```ts
let divideBy2 = [number: int] -> result[int, string] {
	if number % 2 = 1 {
		return err("Odd numbers are not divisible by two.")
	} else if not number = 42 {
		return ok(number / 2)
	} else {
		return err("I have decided to refuse to divide 42 by two.")
	}
}
```

```ts
if let <yes char> = SystemIO.inp("Give me a character.")! |> charAt(0) {
	print(char)
} else {
	print("All I asked for was ONE character, and you gave me NOTHING. You MONSTER!")
}
```

When returning errors, it is helpful to create your own error enum type so that someone using your program can deal with each type of error on a case-by-case basis. For example, an HTTP request library might have:

```ts
type httpError =
	| <invalidUrl str>
	| connectionFailed
	| <statusCode int response>
```

```js
// Enums are useful for generalizing types

> type enumValue = <type str> // This takes in an str into the constructer
>                | <test int> // This takes in an int into the contructer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type enumValue = <type str> // This takes in an str into the constructor
               | <test int> // This takes in an int into the constructor
```

               | default // This is a contant value like none that does not need another value

> let enumTest:enumValue = <type "test"> // This creates an enumTest

Author: I am not smart, also that should have been left out

> let enumDefult = default
> 
> // There are multiple inbulit enums such as maybe and err

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let enumDefault = default

// There are multiple inbuilt enums such as maybe and err
```

or "built-in"

// The enum maybe is either a yes or a none
let test:maybe[str] = yes("test")
let nothing = none

> // The enum result is SOMETHING HERE

Author: Why was that left in?
